Hello everyone, tell everyone about HSBC or HSBC, because
today this during our dinner time this he public service left performance of so, I
often say it, I know the least stocks but
I hope this is the stock people  Real in-depth research, so relatively
follow the meeting, more fully this want to share with you this overall of
a business prospects and results.  Well, the table looks at
this their earnings this is like a year fell 25 so is that is
very bad, but you will see this is better than the long-term forecast,
so why the market will be so bad expected?  In fact, very simple last year, the
first quarter of 2024, there are two large de yeah,
one is to sell this Italy, the other is to
prepare this root.  So these two de's an impact
is to sell Canada Canada this, in fact, there is this one
four billion dollars of profits, and dive again buy out of Genting, to
do 1.1 billion  It is not related to the operation
, because these two de this is more than hundreds of millions of dollars, so very
simple, because last year the first quarter, eh, these watches, so that the
ah called the profit this year, this year more than a few billion  D Of course,
300 million, so less than 30 memories, it is obvious that there will be
one, which is three percent ah, four percent of one of the frame,
and in the end that is a drop of 25% is obviously good, so it is
better to expect.  To be more direct, is that we do not count these
two cases
deducted back how many people if this actually income and profit this is in the
first quarter of this year this is an increase so so it does not exist at
home  25% of this is called better than
expected is substantially from a perspective this is really a little better than the first quarter of the year this did
.  Okay, the second part you understand the
part after this we do a more detail this analysis he
analyzes the karma of the
four things of ji, I write my own article and do one of the said as the
second said  Well, income into this percentage of
interest income into it and commission into it, or non-interest income into it, so interest income into it,
it depends on the situation of credit money, that is,
how many loans are good  It is known poor,
in addition to commission income is usually the market's investment gas points
accustomed to, well, in today to say this, we choose d just look at the
income of the first thing the first thing of course so enter the first thing
This third thing is the most difficult to predict ECL is credit
loss in a few years, the new accounting system says, you
have to
calculate how much before earnings, the first in this fourth prof's purpose to enter the image
, so the first number  It is called
PBT is due to the
front profit, so the four parts, income and
expenditure of the
profit, before it is very easy to understand.  So what was the situation like in the first season of this year
?  The income system is better than the monthly period. Dare to do this
will make the overall number a lot,
so the cost of this is expected to rise according to the management's previous guidance
.  Expect d dialed for there?  As we all know
, in fact, many of the poor operating environment, including Hong Kong,
Mainland, etc., so so the land this is increased Some so
we are talking about high expectations  To it
, because the income's rise is relatively more, so when the cost
is controlled to be close to expectations, and only a little more than this
, in the end this is not higher than expected this time, so
I think this time  In a few third quarters this continuous exchange of earnings
, or results this is better than the market expected so yeah, should be given to
him.  Secondly, the dividend payment part yeah so eh.  A year of the country
counts this exchange's management have said that it will be based on 50% of their profits
but to note that the first three quarters are distributed a dollar,
this is normally depressed fourth quarter you see the change
0.1 and finally 0.1 This is actually not
necessary.  If you see someone telling you ah 0.11 or something, you
really don't have to listen to him anymore.  So in addition of course,
according to the year he sees say this you will see the 9 years first season this is,
because this has special, so I saw this before they have revealed this year
this is no special frame so you expect the
whole fourth year  results, exactly
what that situation will be, so theoretically if the results of the year and the last year
compared with no reversal, then is the profit of the distribution is not to play
slippery, the dividend will not be over  Living
this interest rate relatively up to say this, is attractive good, the
third thing, is the repurchase there, some people say, last time this
is called shrinking horse this time to add horse repurchase
I feel  It's funny because this, and the same is
when I see the management process this, get a message, you do not
let two 2 billion, three is is he confused you
Simply put, every month  So ah last public results this so the
fourth quarter ah, it was on February.  So the announcement of the first
quarter of April 20th, February and mid-April this will make it 2
months, so so the last time February 20th results this is two
months ah ah, 1 billion per month ah not ah purchase
This time in April, when is the second quarter of the season, not July
, so April to July
56 is 3 months, so this time this is not 3 billion, in
fact, no change, 2 billion, 2 billion is not changed  Come and
jump, you think it is like this because you do not understand 唧, in fact, it
is probably every month's good, simply come and big analysis a
month over the so-called profit quarter is not large, because there is a low expectation
of the year  Regular one-time dial or is called
income pull the number.  The second is to teach everyone this in the
business performance of this to look at four things, the third is to talk about distribution, you do not
have to think about it.  It's 0.1 a dollar for the first or third seasons.
So the fourth thing is to break down this one, called
repurchase a month's so why the time of the secondary public results is long or short to
cut off to two billion or 3 billion, well, finally invest so
I sell it  Said it eh short-term can market gas points or
other factors affect it, medium and long-term this I count this year's
HSBC or reply to his book this is
one times eight is probably 80 dollars is this eh
dollars, because the Pode is 80 dollars ah, one times
not 80 so I think 80 dollars is a relatively reasonable
price of 80 dollars or less?  We are able to invest in the optional.
If he is now talking about the RT doctor facing the relationship will do 15% of
that, theoretically on the market this really can be traded price this can
go up to times,  On the
face of it, then you will know,
P is quite low.  Unless said to the economic recession
, otherwise I think HSBC fell through come 6 points will not be too big, so that
is about 60 dollars to it, well, so you see before the
arrow when the closure  After a single d 15% large
to 70 dollars this has seen a large number of investors-level stand and very
quickly reverse, because 70 dollars of the time, your Internet is twenty dollars
30 dollars can fall  8 to 10 dollars
, the direct risk rate is very high, so so this see a lot of opportunity
investors this will look at the interest rate of five or six a value rate of high level
this to buy back, I think this time
At the current price, it may not be too attractive, but if six back
80 dollars, with a mid-term investment is a chance to earn leave
, so yeah, everyone stay, can stay.  So yeah in the
past I was fortunate to be invited to participate in the meeting results of one
, each individual stock people's press conference, because any we ask
, but maybe this time because I guess I made so
Let me call back, so this time I did not
participate so, but I will find it as soon as possible, I hope next time this
is can continue to participate in this press conference, so in fact, Hong Kong
stocks are the king of hope  In the future this continues to follow
up on the development of the club and everyone this follow up, say so much first, so I
am not the right will line people, and do not hold, bye.
Thank you for watching, you remember to pull and
share to your friends and friends around you in the comments, and remember to subscribe to
our pineapple package  You
will be notified of our latest video
.
[Music]
Right